.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii Sannotate.1
.\"
.TH Sannotate 1 "Jan 2002 " "Storage Resource Broker" "User SRB Commands"
.SH NAME
Sannotate \- modifies annotation information about SRB data objects.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B Sannotate [\-c] \-w
.I position annotation dataName | collectionName
.br
.B Sannotate [\-c] \-u
.I timestamp newAnnotation dataName | collectionName
.br
.B Sannotate [\-c] \-d
.I timestamp dataName | collectionName
.br
.B Sannotate
.RB [\-c] [ \-R ]
.RB [ \-t
.IR timestamp ]
.RB [ \-p
.IR position ]
.RB [ \-U
.IR userName@domainName ]
.RB [ \-Y
.IR n ]
.RB [ \-L
.IR n ]
.RB [ \-T
.IR dataType "] " dataName | collectionName
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "Sannotate "
provides a facility for inserting, deleting, updating, and
accessing annotations on data objects
.IR dataName .
.sp
The annotations can be made for a data object by noting a
particluar position at which this annotation holds (eg. Page 3,
para 5). The user who has 'annotate' or better permission can
only insert annotations. Annotations can be deleted and updated
only by the person who inserted the annotation. Anyone who
has 'read' or better permission can view annotations on a data
object.
.sp
The
.B Stoken
utility can be used to find the current data types
supported.
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-c "
action performed on collection
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-w "
insert annotation
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-u "
update annotation
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-d "
delete annotation
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-h "
displays command options
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-R "
recursively view annotation under
.IR collectionName .
If this option is not used then the annotations are given for
.I dataName
(the value can have wild cards).
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-T "
.I dataType
gets annotations of a particular data type (the value can have
wild cards)
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-p "
.I position
gets annotations at a particular position (the value can
have wild cards)
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-U "
.I userName@domainName
gets annotations inserted by a particular user
(the value can have wild cards)
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-t "
.I timestamp
gets annotations inserted at a particular time stamp (with
or without wildcards) as well as with SQL conditions.
.br
Ex. "> '2000-01-20'"
.br
Ex. " between '2000-01-19' and '2000-01-20-17'"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-Y "
.I number
controls display format.
.br
Without -Y, information is displayed one item-per-line with each
attribute spaced at DEFAULT_FIELD_WIDTH characters.
.br
With -Y 0 will display in vertical, one attribute-per-line format.
.br
With Y n, n > 0, information is displayed one item-per-line with
each attribute spaced at
.I number
characters.
.br
With Y -1, information is displayed without headers, with each
item quoted and separated by a blank and with no row control.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-L "
.I number
controls the number of items displayed at a time under user's
control. Without -L, DEFAULT_ROW_COUNT items of information is
displayed at a time.
.br
With L n, n > 0, n items are displayed at a time.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR SgetD (1),
.BR Schmod (1)

