.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii Sls.1
.\"
.TH Sls 1 "Jan 2003 " "Storage Resource Broker" "User SRB Commands"
.SH NAME
Sls \- display objects and sub-collections in a SRB collection
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B Sls
.RB [ \-aChlVp ]
.RB [ \-r | \-f ]
.RB [ \-A
.IR condition "] [" collection | srbObj " ...]"
.sp
.B Sls
.RB [ \-aChl ]
.RB [ \-c
.IR condition "]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "Sls "
utility displays objects that match the input
.IR srbObj ,
or objects and sub-collections in 
.IR collection .
When invoked with no
.IR collection | srbObj
operand, the current working SRB collection value is displayed.
.sp
The second synopsis applies the 
.IR condition
and displays the resultant list of objects.
.sp
When the operand
.I collection
does not begin with '/', '../' or '^/' the collection name used
is with respect to the current working collection.
.sp
When the operand
.I collection
begins with '^/' the collection name used is with respect to
the mdasCollectionHome value in the ~/.srb/.MdasEnv file.
.sp
When the operand
.I collection
begins with '../' the collection name used is with respect to
the parent of current working collection.
.sp
When the operand
.I collection
begins with '/' the collection name used is that of the
operand value.
.sp
When the operand
.I collection
contains wildcard characters
.BR * | ?
then
.I collection
must be surrounded by double quotes.
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-a "
list metaData associated with each file and collection.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-C "
list the access control list of each file and collection.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-r "
display recursively for sub-collections of
.I collection
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-f "
Force each argument to be interpreted as a collection.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-h "
displays command options
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-l "
List in long format, giving owner, replica number,
physical resource, size in bytes, time of creation and
object name.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-p "
List the resource and physical path of the data file. 
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-V "
Verify the physical path assoicated with the data by doing a file stat on the 
physical path. Only works for UNIX type resource currently. 
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-A "
.I condition
option is an '&' separated condition which will be applied
in choosing the object to be listed. The separated condition
is of the form "<Attr> <CompOp> <Value>", where <Attr> is an
MCAT attribute found by
.I Sattrs
command, <CompOp> is a comparison operator and <Value> is a
numeric or string value. The entire condition should be within
a set of double quotes. Example: Sls -A "COPY = 0"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-c "
.I condition
option applies to the whole SRB system instead of relative to the 
current working collection.  Example: Sls -c "GUID='123'" will find all 
objects  that have their Guid set to 123. See 
.I Sattrs 
for details of applicable conditions.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR Spwd (1),
.BR Scd (1),
.BR SgetD (1),
.BR Sattrs (1)
