.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii Sregisterlocation.1
.\"
.TH Sregisterlocation 1 "April 2004 " "Storage Resource Broker" "Admin SRB Commands"
.SH NAME
Sregisterlocation \- register a new location
.SH SYNOPSIS

.B Sregisterlocation 
.RB [ \-h ]
.IR NewLocationName
.IR FullNetworkAddress
.IR ParentLocation
.IR ServerUser
.IR ServerUserDomain
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "Sregisterlocation "
is an SRB Administrator command to register a new location
into the MCAT.  
It is similar to the MCAT command 
.IR ingestLocation
but
can run on any supported host.
It uses SRB client/server calls to update the MCAT.
You must have SRB administrative privileges for this command to succeed.
.sp
A Location is an MCAT item, a token, that describes a computer in the
SRB grid.
.sp
.I NewLocationName
is a name of your choosing for your new location.
.sp
.I FullNetworkAddress
is the DNS hostname for the computer, followed by :NULL:NULL for file
systems or :db:password for a database .  For example, 'srb.sdsc.edu:NULL:NULL'.
.sp
.I ParentLocation
is the Location that the new Location is registered under.  This
is largely just informational, but ParentLocation must be a valid
Location in your MCAT, such as 'level4'.
Use Stoken to display
your complete list.
.sp
.I ServerUser, 
combined with the ServerUserDomain, is the SRB user which controls
the resources at the Location.
.sp
.I ServerUserDomain,
combined with the ServerUser, is the SRB user which controls
the resources at the Location.
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-h "
display command options
.SH "EXAMPLES"
registerlocation NewLoc 'foo.sdsc.edu:NULL:NULL' 'catharsis\ sdsc' srb sdsc
.sp
registerlocation 'catharsis\ oracle\ Vault' 'catharsis.sdsc.edu:diglib:y12' 'catharsis\ sdsc' srb sdsc
.sp
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR Stoken(1),
.BR Sregisterresource (1),
and mcatAdmin the Java GUI admin tool.
