.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii Srmtrash.1
.\"
.TH Srmtrash 1 "Jan 2003 " "Storage Resource Broker" "User SRB Commands"
.SH NAME
Srmtrash \- Purge files and collections in the "trash" directories.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B Srmtrash
.RB [ \-U
.IR user@domain ]
.RB [ \-Ahu "] [" \-t
.IR expiration_time_in_hours " ] [" srbObj | collection " ... ]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.sp
The new Srm command by default, will move the files and collections designated 
for removal into the /trash or /myZone/trash collections instead of immediate removal at the time of execution.
Srmtrash purge files and/or collections that have been put into the "trash" directories. 
It can be used by normal users to purge their own trash or by admin users to purge system wide trash managed by the local MCAT. 
.sp
A user can specify the  
.I srbObj | collection 
in his/her trash directories for purging. If 
.I srbObj | collection 
is not specified, the user's home trash collections (/trash/home/user.domain and
/myZone/trash/home/user.domain) will be purged.
.sp
The
.I -t expiration_time_in_hours
option can be used to set the minimum age criteria of the trash in hours for purging. If this option is not used, by default the minimum age is set to 0 meaning all files and collections will be purged.
.sp
Admin users can use the 
.I -A 
option to carry out system wide purging of the trash directories. Admin users can also use the 
.I -U user@domain
option to specify which user's trash directories for purging.

.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-h "
display command options
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-A "
Admin user mode. This option is needed for purging other user's trash. SRB admin user privilege is needed.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-u "
Unregister the files in trash instead of unlinking. It is possible that the physical files in the storage vault are gone already and this option can be used to cleanup the MCAT entries. SRB admin user privilege is needed.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-U "
.I "user@domain "
specifies which user's trash directories for purging. Only meaningful if the -a option is used. 
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-t "
.I expiration_in_hours 
sets the minimum age criteria of the trash in hours
for purging. If this option is not used, by default the minimum age is set to 0
meaning all files and collections will be purged.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR Sput (1),
.BR Srm (1),
.BR Srmdir (1),
.BR Sattrs (1)

