.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii Ssyncont.1
.\"
.TH Ssyncont 1 "Jan 2003 " "Storage Resource Broker" "User SRB Commands"
.SH NAME
Ssyncont \- Synchronizes the "permanent" copy of the container
with the "cache" copies.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B Ssyncont
.RB [ \-adhp ]
.RB [ \-z
.IR mcatZone ]
.I container
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "Ssyncont "
synchronizes the "permanent" copy of the container with
the "cache" copies. When an inContainer object is created or
opened for I/O, all I/O is done only to the "cache" copy. If
the "cache" copy is newer than the "permanent" copy, this command
will cause the content of the "cache" copy to be copied to
the "permanent" copy. If the -d option is set, the "cache" copy
will be purged once the copies have been synchronized.
.sp
When a container is full, the SRB server automatically renames the
full container "myContainer" to "myContainer.NNNN" where NNNN is a
random integer number. The server then creates an empty container
with the original container name "myContainer". In effect, this
scheme creates a family of containers. The -a option can be used to
synchronize all containers in a family.
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-a "
synchronize all containers in a container family.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-h "
display command options
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-d "
delete the cache copy once the copies have been synchronized.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-p "
one or more "permanent" container copies can be designated
as "primary". If this option is used, the synchronization will
be done to the "primary" copy only.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-z mcatZone "
The MCAT zone where the container resides
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR Srmcont (1),
.BR Smkcont (1),
.BR Slscont (1),
.BR Sreplcont (1)

