.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii Sticket.1
.\"
.TH Sticket 1 "Jan 2002 " "Storage Resource Broker" "User SRB Commands"
.SH NAME
Sticket \- issue tickets for SRB objects and collections.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B Sticket
.RB [ \-F
.IR fileName ]
.RB [ \-B
.IR beginTime ]
.RB [ \-E
.IR endTime ]
.RB [ \-N
.IR AccessCount ]
.RB [ \-D
.I dataName
.RB | " \-C"
.I collName
.RB | "\-R"
.IR collName ] " user@domain " ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "Sticket "
issues tickets for SRB objects and collections.
.sp
With -D option, tickets are issued for SRB a single data object.
.br
With -C option, tickets are issued for SRB data objects in a
collection.
.br
With -R option, tickets are issued for SRB data objects
recursively under a collection.
.sp
The user and domain are paired with @-separation. More than one
user-domain pair can be specified. If the ticket issued is a generic ticket,
i.e., to be used by any srbUSer or a non-registered user, then issue the ticket
using the following ticketuser@sdsc for user@domain.
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-h "
display command options
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-F "
.I fileName
specifies the file in which to store the ticket. Otherwise
the ticket is directed to stdout.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-B "
.I beginTime
specifies when the ticket becomes valid. Time is given in
the format: YYYY-MM-DD-HH:MM:SS
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-E "
.I endTime
specifies when the ticket expires
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-N "
.I AccessCount
specifies how many times the ticket can be used.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR Srmticket (1),
.BR Stls (1),
.BR Stcat (1)

