.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii Sauth.1
.\"
.TH Sauth 1 "Sept 2004 " "Storage Resource Broker" "User SRB Commands"
.SH NAME

Sauth \- Create an SRB password file with scrambled contents

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B Sauth [-ehv]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "Sauth "
creates an individual password file, like the .MdasAuth file, but with
scrambled (non-plain-text) contents to improve security.  By default,
this will be stored in ~/.srb/.srbAuthFile but you can change this by
defining in a "SRB_AUTH_FILE" environment variable, which can be any
file you wish (preferably, on a local file system).
.sp
To increase security more, you can also define environment variable
"SRB_AUTH_KEY" to be any value you wish.  If you set "SRB_AUTH_KEY"
when you run Sauth, it must also be defined later as the same value
for subsequent authentication to succeed.  Do not set this to your
password, simply use some arbitrary string.  It is used internally as
part of the scrambling algorithm.
.sp
Sauth will prompt for your existing SRB password and write it in an 
obfuscated form into the srbAuthFile.  If the srbAuthFile file already 
exists, Sauth
will prompt for permission to overwrite it (respond with yes or y).
.sp
After writing the .srbAuthFile file, Sauth will also prompt for
permission to remove your .MdasAuth file since it is no longer needed.
.sp
For added security, you can remove the srbAuthFile and later recreate it
by re-running Sauth.
.sp
If you run Sauth and later run Spasswd to create a new SRB password,
Spasswd will update your .srbAuthFile 
instead of the .MdasAuth file.

.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-e "
echo the password as you type it in; normally echo is disabled.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-h "
display usage information.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-v "
verbose mode.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR Sinit (1),
.BR Spasswd (1),
.BR Senv (1)
