.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii SmodR.1
.\"
.TH SmodR 1 "April 2004 " "Storage Resource Broker" "Admin SRB Commands"
.SH NAME
SmodR \- modifies metadata information about a SRB resource.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.TP 0.6i
.BI  "SmodR -a " "phyResourceName logicalResourceName"
.br
.TP 0.6i
.BI  "SmodR -l " "phyResourceName logicalResourceName"
.br
.TP 0.6i
.BI  "SmodR -i " "user@domain accs resourceName"
.br
.TP 0.6i
.BI  "SmodR -d " "user@domain resourceName"
.br
.TP 0.6i
.BI  "SmodR -o " "user@domain resourceName"
.br
.TP 0.6i
.BI  "SmodR -x " "maxLatencyInMilliSecs resourceName"
.br
.TP 0.6i
.BI  "SmodR -n " "minLatencyInMilliSecs resourceName"
.br
.TP 0.6i
.BI  "SmodR -b " "bandwidthInMegaBitsPerSec resourceName"
.br
.TP 0.6i
.BI  "SmodR -c " "maxConcurrency resourceName"
.br
.TP 0.6i
.BI  "SmodR -s " "numStripes resourceName"
.br
.TP 0.6i
.BI  "SmodR -h " "numHierarchies resourceName"
.br
.TP 0.6i
.BI  "SmodR -g " "capacityInGigaBytes resourceName"
.br
.TP 0.6i
.BI  "SmodR -z " "description resourceName"
.br
.TP 0.6i
.BI  "SmodR -u " "timeStamp currDataSize user@domain resourceName"
.br
.TP 0.6i
.BI  "SmodR -q " "quota currentUsage user@domain resourceName"
.br
.TP 0.6i
.BI  "SmodR -D " "resourceName"
.br
.TP 0.6i
.BI  "SmodR -U " "resourceName"
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "SmodR modifies information about SRB "
.IR resourceNam
.sp
Note that the command can used only by SRB Administrators.

.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-a "
add a physical resource to a logical resource. If logical resource is not there then it is created
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-l "
delete a physical resource from a logical resource
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-i "
insert or modify access to a resouce for a given user
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-d "
delete  access to a resouce for a given user
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-o "
change resource ownership to a given user 
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-x "
modify maximum latency of resource (given in milliseconds)
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-n "
modify minimum latency of resource (given in milliseconds)
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-b "
modify bandwidth to/from a resource (given in MegaBitsPerSec)
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-c "
modify maximum allowed concurrency of resource (numeric)
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-s "
modify striping of resource (numeric)
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-h "
modify  number of hierarchies in the resource (numeric)
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-g "
modify maximum capacity of  resource (given in GigaBytes)
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-z "
modify description of resource
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-u "
modify current usage for user to currDataSize (numeric in GigaBytes) 
at the given timeStamp; if timeStamp is -1 then the timestamp is internally generated. 
this information is kept historic and is not over written.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-q "
set current quota and usage for user@domain to quota and currentUsage (both numeric in GigaBytes); if quota is -1 then the quota is not changed this information is unique per user-resource pair and gets overwritten when changed.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-D "
set the inout physical resource to down state (free_space = -4).
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-U "
set the inout physical resource to up state (free_space = -1).
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR SgetR (1),
.BR Sufmeta (1).

