.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii Stcat.1
.\"
.TH Stcat 1 "Jan 2002 " "Storage Resource Broker" "User SRB Commands"
.SH NAME
Stcat \- display files read from SRB space for a ticketuser
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B Stcat
.RB [ \-T
.I ticketFile
.RB | " \-t"
.IR ticket ]
.RB "[" \-H
.IR hostName "]"
.RB [ \-A
.IR condition ] " srbObj " ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "Stcat "
reads each
.I srbObj
from SRB space and writes it on the standard output. Stcat is
used by users who do not have accounts on SRB. Only
.I ticket
issued for 'ticketuser' name is usable through Stcat.
.sp
One need not give a
.I srbObj
name if the ticket is issued for a particular dataset.
.sp
With -A option, only
.I srbObj which conforms to the
.I condition are chosen.
.sp
If any
.I srbObj
is replicated then only one of the copies is displayed.
.sp
The
.I srbObj
argument can be a path name in the SRB collection hierarchy.
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-h "
display command options
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-T "
option to give a filename containing a ticket
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-t "
option for giving a ticket directly
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-H "
.I hostName
is the host name where a server SRB is running. If not given
it exopects the environment files or variables to provide the information.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-A "
.I condition 
option is an '&' separated condition which will be applied
in choosing the object to be accessed. The separated condition
is of the form "<Attr> <CompOp> <Value>", where <Attr> is an
MCAT attribute found by
.B Sattrs
command, <CompOp> is a comparison operator and <Value> is a
numeric or string value. The entire condition should be within
a set of double quotes.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR Sticket (1),
.BR Scat (1),
.BR Sattrs (1)

