.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii SgetColl.1
.\"
.TH SgetColl 1 "Jan 2003 " "Storage Resource Broker" "User SRB Commands"
.SH NAME
SgetColl \- display information about SRB data objects.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B SgetColl
.RB [ \-ahc "] [" \-I "] [" \-W | \-U 
.IR userName "]
.RB [ \-Y 
.IR number ]
.RB [ \-L
.IR number ]
.RB [ \-A
.IR condition "] [" collName ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "SgetColl "
displays information about collections in
.IR collName .
.sp
If
.I collName
is not given,
.B SgetColl
displays information about all collections that can be associated
with the user, unless -U or -W option is exercised.
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-h "
display command options
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-a "
display access permissions
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-c "
displays container information
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-H "
display hidden files owned by you
in the collection 
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-W "
display information for all users
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-U "
display information for user/group
.I userName
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-Y "
.BI [ number "] "
controls display format.
.br
Without -Y, information is displayed one item-per-line with each
attribute spaced at DEFAULT_FIELD_WIDTH characters.
.br
With -Y 0 will display in vertical, one attribute-per-line format.
.br
With Y n, n > 0, information is displayed one item-per-line with each
attribute spaced at
.I number
characters.
.br
With Y -1, information is displayed without headers, with each item
quoted and separated by a blank and with no row control.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-L "
.BI [ number "] "
controls number of items displayed at a time under user's
control.
.br
Without  -L, DEFAULT_ROW_COUNT items of information is displayed
at a time.
.br
With L n, n > 0, n items are displayed at a time.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-A "   
.I condition
option is an '&' separated condition which will be applied
in choosing the object to be listed. The separated condition
is of the form "<Attr> <CompOp> <Value>", where <Attr> is an
MCAT attribute found by
.B Sattrs   
command, <CompOp> is a comparison operator and <Value> is a
numeric or string value. The entire condition should be within
a set of double quotes. Example: SgetColl -A "COPY = 0"
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR SgetD (1),
.BR Sattrs (1)
