.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii Sregisterresource.1
.\"
.TH Sregisterresource 1 "April 2004 " "Storage Resource Broker" "Admin SRB Commands"
.SH NAME
Sregisterresource \- register a new physical resource
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B Sregisterresource 
.RB [ \-h ]
.IR NewResourceName 
.IR ResourceType 
.IR Location 
.IR PhysicalPath 
.IR Class
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "Sregisterresource "
is an SRB Administrator command to register a new physical resource
into the MCAT.  
It is similar to the MCAT command 
.IR ingestResource 
but
can run on any supported host whereas 
.IR ingestResource 
needs to run on
the MCAT host.  It uses SRB client/server calls to update the MCAT.
You must have SRB administrative privileges for this command to succeed.
 
.sp
.I NewResourceName 
is a name of your choosing for your new resource.
.sp
.I ResourceType
needs to be one of the ResourceTypes defined in your SRB MCAT system, such
as 'unix file system', 'hpss file system', etc.  Use Stoken to display
your complete list.
.sp
.I Location
needs to be a Location that is defined in your MCAT; again use Stoken to
display a complete list.
.sp
.I PhysicalPath 
is the path name under which this physical resource will be storing the files.
.sp
.I Class
needs to be one of the ResourceClass items that is defined in your MCAT, such
as 'archival', 'generic', etc; again use Stoken to
display a complete list.
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-h "
display command options
.SH "EXAMPLES"
Sregisterresource  NewResource 'unix\ file\ system' sdsc '/scratch/slocal/?USER.?DOMAIN/?SPLITPATH/?PATH?DATANAME.?RANDOM.?TIMESEC' permanent
.sp
Sregisterresource  'ora-catharsis-sdsc' 'oracle\ dblobj\ database' 'catharsis\ oracle\ Vault'  "/srbVault/OBJ_LOCATOR/OBJ_ID='TEST.?PATH/?DATANAME.?RANDOM.?TIMESEC'" permanent
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR Stoken(1),
.BR Sregisterlocation (1),
and mcatAdmin the Java GUI admin tool.
