.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii Sbload.1
.\"
.TH Sbload 1 "Jan 2003 " "Storage Resource Broker" "User SRB Commands"
.SH NAME
Sbload \- imports in bulk one or more local files and/or directories into
SRB space.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B Sbload  [-k] [\-c
.I container]
.RB [ \-S
.IR resourceName ]
.RB [ \-s
.IR maxContSzInMbytes "] " localFile | localDirectory " ... " 
.RB targetCollection
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "Sbload "
is similar to Sput, which reads one or more local files and|or directories and
writes them as object(s) in SRB space. It is designed to greatly improve the
efficiency of ingesting a large number of small files by 
.br
1) registering up to several hundreds files with MCAT with a single call instead
of the normal mode of registering one file at a time.
.br
2) use of separate threads for registration and data transfer.
.sp
If the -c option is specified, the Sbload command will put
all data into the specified container 
which must be created beforehand. 
If the -c option is not used, all data will be ingested as normal files. 
.sp
When the container is full, Sbload automatically renames the full container "myContainer"
to "myContainer.NNNN" where NNNN is a random integer number. It then creates an empty
container with the original container name "myContainer" to receive more data. The
optional -S option is used to specify the resource for the new container. If this option
is not used, the resource associated with the original container will be used. Similarly,
the optional -s option is used to specify the container size limit in MBytes. If this
option is not used, the limit associated with the original container will be used.
.sp
The
.I localFile
and|or
.I localDirectory
can be a path name in the local file hierarchy. The user should
have at least 'read' access permission for them. These inputs
can have wildcards.
.sp
The
.I targetCollection
is the target collection path under which the new objects will be created.
The path can be relative or absolute. Also, special path name such as "."
and ".." are valid. 
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-c "
.I "container "
is the container where the target object will be stored.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-S "
.I "resourceName "
is the resource for the new container.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-s "
.I "maxContSzInMbytes "
is the container size limit in MBytes.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-k "
Client computes simple checksum (sum -s, --sysv) of the local file and registers with MCAT.
No verification is done on the server side.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR Sbunload (1),
.BR Sput (1),
.BR Sget (1),
.BR Smkdir (1)

