.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii SmodE.1
.\"
.TH SmodE 1 "Nov 2004 " "Storage Resource Broker" "User SRB Commands"
.SH NAME
SmodE \- modifies extensible metadata table rows in the MCAT.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BI SmodE
.RB -i
.I "dataName collName tableName insertAttrList insertAttrValueList"
[ 
.IR "insertAttrValueList "  "... ]"
.sp
.BI SmodE
.RB -d
dataName collName tableName conditionAttrList conditionList "
[ 
.IR "conditionList "  "... ]"
.sp
.BI SmodE
.RB -u
.I "dataName collName tableName modifyAttrList modifyAttrValueList conditionAttrList conditionList"
.sp
.BI SmodE
.RB -i 
.RB -f
.I "insertFileName dataName collName tableName insertAttrValueList"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "SmodE "
modifies rows in the user-defined MCAT table called 
.IR tableName.
.sp
These tables are associated with a SRB object such as a collection
.IR collName 
or a srbObject
.I dataName.
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-i "
inserts a row into
.I tableName
and takes in a list of column-names
.I insertAttrList 
separated by |, and a list of values 
.I insertAttrValueList
separated by | (quoted if string or date values). 
More than one row can be inserted by repeated use of 
.I insertAttrValueList .
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-d "
deletes one or more rows   from 
.I tableName
and uses a list of column-names
.I conditionAttrList
separated by |, and a list of conditions 
.I conditionList 
separated by | (quoted if string or date values are used).
More than one condition can be specified on the attributes and will be used
conjunctively.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-u "
updates one or more rows   from 
.I tableName
and uses a list of column-names
.I modifyAttrList
separated by |, and a list of (new)values and a condition based on
a list of conditions 
.I conditionList 
separated by | (quoted if string or date values are used).
More than one condition can be specified on the attributes and will be used
conjunctively.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-f "
inserts a row into
.I tableName
and takes in a list of column-names
.I insertAttrList
separated by |, and a file name
.I insertFileName
that contains the list of values to be inserted. 
Format of file is as follows:
.sp
first-line  =attrVal|attrVal|...|attrVal
.sp
second-line =attrVal|attrVal|...|attrVal
.sp
: :
.sp
nth-line =attrVal|attrVal|...|attrVal

The following attribute names are keywords and have particular meaning in the SRB:
    DATA_ID, USER_ID, COLLECTION_ID, RSRC_ID, CONTAINER_ID, GUID,  and  TIME_VAL
If you want it to be substituted internally give the value or 0. If 0 is used the corresponding data_id or 
collection_id or user_id will be generated from other parameters being passed by the command.





readme.dir/In the case, the table contains the fo
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR SmodD (1),


