.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii S.1
.\"
.TH SmodifyUser 1 "April 2004 " "Storage Resource Broker" "Admin SRB Commands"
.SH NAME
SmodifyUser \- Modify user account settings.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BR "SmodifyUser <" operationType >
.I UserName UserDomain Value
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "SmodifyUser "
modifies an account setting for a SRB user.
.BR < operationType >
determines which setting is to be operated on.
.I UserName
is the account,
.I UserDomain
is the accounts domain,
.I Value
is the new/additional setting for this account.
.PP
.SH "OPERATIONTYPES"
.TP 0.5i
.B "addToGroup "
Adds this account to an already existing group.
.TP 0.5i
.B "addDN "
Adds a Distinguished Name (DN string) to this account for GSI Authentication purposes.
.TP 0.5i
.B "password "
Changes the login password for this account.
.TP 0.5i
.B "delFromGroup "
Remove the user from the specified group.
.TP 0.5i
.B "delDN "
Deletes the specified DN string
.TP 0.5i
.B "changeType "
Changes the type of this account (staff, sysadmin, etc...)
.TP 0.5i
.B "addUserGroupOwner"
Adds the user as the owner of the userGroup given in
.I Value.
A user Group owner can add/delete users from the group and also add/delete owners
from the group.    
.TP 0.5i
.B "delUserGroupOwner"
Removes the user as the owner of the userGroup given in
.I Value.
.TP 0.5i
.B "changeZone"
Changes the zone for the user. 
.TP 0.5i
.B "changeUserAddress"
Changes the address information for the user.
.TP 0.5i
.B "changeUserEmail"
Changes the email information for the user.
.TP 0.5i
.B "changeUserPhone"
Changes the phone number information for the user.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR Singestuser (1),
.BR SgetU (1),
.BR Stoken (1)
