.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii Sreplicate.1
.\"
.TH Sreplicate 1 "Jan 2003 " "Storage Resource Broker" "User SRB Commands"
.SH NAME
Sreplicate \- replicates an SRB object
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B Sreplicate
.RB [ \-n
.IR replicaNum ]
.RB [ \-prv "] [" \-S
.IR resourceName ]
.RB [ \-V
.IR versionString ]
.RB [ \-P
.IR pathName "] " srbObj | collection " ..."
.sp
.B Sreplicate -I
.RB [ \-n
.IR replicaNum ]
.RB " [" \-S
.IR resourceName ]
.RB [ \-V
.IR versionString ]
.RB [ \-D
.IR dataType ]
.RB [ \-P
.IR pathName "] " localFile 
.I srbObj

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "Sreplicate "
makes one more copy of
.IR srbObj " or " collection . 
The first synopsis replicates an existing SRB object. 
The second synopsis allows a local file to be ingested into the SRB as a replica of an
existing SRB object.
The replica is also registered in MCAT. 
.sp
For the first synopiss the user should have at least 'read' access permission for
.IR srbObj " or " collection . 
For the second synopsis write permission is required in the collection as well as a write permission for  
.IR srbObj .
.sp
For replicating collections, the recursive option (r) must be set.
.sp
If given, the object is stored in
.IR resourceName .
Otherwise the object is stored in the default resource given by
DEFRESOURCE in the user environment file: ~/.srb/.MdasEnv.
If the 
.IR resourceName
is a logical resource consisting of multiple resources, only one replica will be made to one of the resources in the group. The cache type resource will be used first before the archival type resources. Unlike the Ssyncd command, an additional copy will be made even though one or more replica already exist in the resource.
.sp
If given, the version of the newly created replica ia set to
.IR versionString
.sp
If given, the object is stored in
.IR pathName .
Otherwise the object is stored in the default path for the
resource stored in MCAT.
.sp
If given, for the second synopsis, the data type of the object is  changed to
.IR dataType .
The
.sp
.IR srbObj " or " collection
arguments can be path names in the SRB collection hierarchy.
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-h "
display command options
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-p "
prompts before replicating each object.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-r "
recursively replicating the collection.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-v "
verbose mode. print out file size and transfer rate.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-n "
.I replicaNum
is an integer denoting the COPY of the object to be replicated.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-P "
full or relative newpathName to move the object.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-S "
new resourcename
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR Ssyncd (1),
.BR Sphymove (1),
.BR Smv (1),
.BR Scp (1)

