.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii Szone.1
.\"
.TH Szone 1 "Jun 2004 " "Storage Resource Broker" "User SRB Commands"
.SH NAME
Szone \- modifies metadata information about SRB data objects.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BI Szone
.RB [ \-h|\-l|\-r|\-M ]
.I "zone locnDesc portNumber adminUserName@Domain contactInformation comment"
.sp
.BI Szone
.RB [ \-C ]
.I "oldZoneName newZoneName"
.sp
.BI Szone
.RB [ \-U ]
.I "zone userName DomainName"
.sp
.BI Szone
.RB [ \-L ]
.I "zone newLocalFlagValue"
.sp
.BI Szone
.RB [ \-S ]
.I "zone newStatusValue"

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "Szone "
inserts and modifies information about zones
.IR dataName .
.sp
The Stoken utility can be used to find the current zone information.
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-h "
display command options
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-l "
inserts a local zone
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-r "
inserts a remote zone
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-M"
modifies information about an existing zone. If you want to change a particular 
information, put the new value at the appropriate argument position. If an item 
is not being changed just use a quoted empty string ('') in that position.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-C "
changes the name of a zone. It changes the zone name for all associated users  and also their collection name if it starts with the old zone name.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-U "
changes the zone name for a user
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-L "
changes whether a zone is local or remote. Use 1 to make it local and 0 to make it 
remote. Only one zone can be local for each MCAT
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-S "
changes the status of the zone. All zones are normally active (= 1).

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR SgetU (1),
.BR Stoken (1),


