.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii SgetR.1
.\"
.TH SgetR 1 "Jan 2002 " "Storage Resource Broker" "User SRB Commands"
.SH NAME
SgetR \- display information about SRB resource(s).
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B SgetR
.RB [ \-alchdDpP "] [" \-L 
.IR number ]
.RB [ \-Y
.IR number ]
.RB [ \-H
.IR hostname ]
.RB [ \-z
.IR zone ]
.RB [ \-T
.IR resourceType "] [" resourceName ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "SgetR "
displays information about resource
.IR resourceName .
.sp
If
.I resourceName
is not given, SgetR displays information about all
resources.
.I resourceName
can have wildcards * and ?.
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-h "
display command options
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-l "
display comprehensive list of resource parameters
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-d "
list objects stored in resource
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-D "
list objects stored in resource with details
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-c "
list all physical resources in a compound resource
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-a "
list usergroups who have access to the resource along with permissions.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-P "
list a subset of parameters listed with no options
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-p "
list resource parameters for physical resources only
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-H "
.BI [ hostname "] "
List all resources located on the given hostname.
.br
.B "\-T "
.I resourceType
list for the given type.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-z "
.I zone
option applies to the second synopsis and is used to perform the Sls operation on a particular zone.
If ALL is used for
.I zone
then every zone known to the current zone will be queried.
.I zone
can have wild cards.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-Y "
.BI [ number "] "
controls display format.
.br
Without -Y, information is displayed one item-per-line with each
attribute spaced at DEFAULT_FIELD_WIDTH characters.
.br
With -Y 0 will display in vertical, one attribute-per-line format.
.br
With Y n, n > 0, information is displayed one item-per-line with each
attribute spaced at
.I number
characters.
.br
With Y -1, information is displayed without headers, with each item
quoted and separated by a blank and with no row control.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-L "
.BI [ number "] "
controls number of items displayed at a time under user's
control.
.br
Without  -L, DEFAULT_ROW_COUNT items of information is displayed
at a time.
.br
With L n, n > 0, n items are displayed at a time.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR SgetU (1),
.BR SgetD (1),
.BR SmodR (1)

