.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii Singesttoken.1
.\"
.TH Singesttoken 1 "Jan 2002 " "Storage Resource Broker" "User SRB Commands"
.SH NAME
Singesttoken \- ingest  SRB native metadata types (reserved keywords)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B Singesttoken DataType
.I dataTypeValue parentDataTypeValue mimeTypeString dotExtensionString
.sp
.B Singesttoken
.I typeName newValue 
.RB [
.IR parentValue  ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "Singesttoken "
ingest values for native  metadata type
.IR typeName .
.sp
.I typeName
can be one of:
.BR  " ResourceType ", " UserType ", "  
.BR Domain ", " Location ", " Action ", " 
.BR AuthScheme ", " ResourceClass
.sp
.I parentValue 
is not needed for
.BR  " ResourceClass ", " Action ", " AuthScheme
.PP
.SH "FIELDS"
.TP 0.5i
.B "dataTypeValue"
the data type name being ingested
.TP 0.5i
.B "parentDataTypeValue"
the parent data type under which new data type will be ingested. Data type is a hierarchy and hence needs a 
parent value.   'home'  is the root and can be used as a default value.
.TP 0.5i
.B "mimeTypeString" 
the mimetype vale for the ingested data type
.TP 0.5i
.B "dotExtensionString" 
the file extensions that might be used to recognize the ingested data type. If more than one extensions are needed,
separate them by commas. 
.TP 0.5i
.B "typeName" 
in the second synopsis tells which token-type is being ingested.
.TP 0.5i
.B "newValue" 
the value of the token being ingested
.TP 0.5i
.B "parentValue"
the parent value under which the new token needs to be ingested. This is applicble only to hierarchical tokens.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR Stoken (1),


