.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii srbpget.1
.\"
.TH srbpget 1 "Jan 2003 " "Storage Resource Broker" "User SRB Commands"
.SH NAME
srbpget \- exports one or more objects from SRB space into the
local file system using one or more client threads.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B srbpget
.RB [ \-hvr "] [" \-n
.IR replicaNum ]
.RB [ \-N
.IR NumOfThreads "] " srbObj | Collection " ... " localFile | localDirectory
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "srbpget "
reads one or more Objects and|or Collections from SRB space and
writes them to the user's local file system using one or more client threads. 
.sp
This utility which uses the "client driven" parallel I/O scheme, is being replaced by
.I Sput
which uses the more efficient "server driven" parallel I/O scheme.
With the "client driven" scheme, the client is the active partner which subdivides the file to be exported into segments and spawns threads to handle the import of each segment in parallel.
.sp
With the "server driven" scheme, the server is the active partner. The client listens on a control socket for instructions from the servers. Upon receiving
the client request, the server with the help of informations from the MCAT, plans the execution of the export.
Typically it sends data transfer instructions to the server where the export resource is located. The resource server then subdivides the file to be exported into segments and spawns threads to handle the export of each segment in parallel.
One advantage of this scheme is data transfer is always directly between the resource server and client with no intermediate server in between.
.sp
.RI The " srbObj " and|or " Collection "
argument can be a path name in the SRB collection hierarchy
and can also contain patterns with '*' and '?' symbols
as  wildcards. The user should have at least 'read' permission
for each item being copied.
.sp
If the source object is a single datset then it is copied to
the localFile. If the source consists of multiple objects
(datasets and collections), then the target should be a directory
in the local file system. '.' can be used to denote current working
directory. If at least one of the source objects is a Collection,
the -r option must be used.
.sp
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-h "
display command options
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-r "
copy SRB collections recursively to the local file system.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-v "
verbose mode. print out file size and transfer rate.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-n "
.I "replicaNum "
is an integer denoting the replica number of the object to be copied.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-N "
.I "NumOfThreads "
is the number of threads to use for each export. If the option is not used, it will be calculated internally.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR Sget (1),
.BR srbpput (1),
.BR Sput (1),
.BR Sappend (1),
.BR Scat (1)

