.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii Srm.1
.\"
.TH Srm 1 "Jan 2003 " "Storage Resource Broker" "User SRB Commands"
.SH NAME
Srm \- Remove files from SRB space
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B Srm
.RB [ \-n
.IR replicaNum ]
.RB [ \-puf "] [" \-A
.IR condition "] " srbObj " ..."
.br
.B Srm
.RB [ \-n
.IR replicaNum ]
.RB [ \-puf "] [" \-A
.IR condition "] " srbObj | collection " ..."
.SH DESCRIPTION
In the first synopsis form, Srm erases each
.I srbObj
from SRB space.
.sp
In the second synopsis form, Srm erases recursively each
.IR srbObj " and/or " collection
from SRB space.
.sp
This new Srm command by default, will move the files and collections designated for removal into the /trash or /myZone/trash collections.
For immediate removal at the time of execution, the 
.I -f 
option should be used. The 
.I Srmtrash 
command can be used to purge the trash directories.
.sp
If any
.I srbObj
is replicated, then all copies are erased.
.sp
The user should have at least 'all' access permission for each
.I SrbObj
erased.
.sp
The
.I srbObj
argument can be a path name in the SRB collection hierarchy.
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-h "
display command options
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-p "
Prompts before removing each object from SRB space.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-f "
Force the immediate removal at the time of execution..
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-r "
Recursively remove collections and subcollections in the argument
list. The collection will be emptied of datasets and removed.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-n "
the replicaNum of the copy to be removed.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-u "
Unregister the data from MCAT. The physical data file is not removed.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-A "
.I condition 
option is an '&' separated condition which will be applied
in choosing the object to be removed. The separated condition
is of the form "<Attr> <CompOp> <Value>", where <Attr> is an
MCAT attribute found by
.B Sattrs
command, <CompOp> is a comparison operator and <Value> is a
numeric or string value. The entire condition should be within
a set of double quotes. Example: Srm -A "COPY = 0" foo.txt
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR Sput (1),
.BR Srmtrash (1),
.BR Srmdir (1),
.BR Sattrs (1)

