.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii Stoken.1
.\"
.TH Stoken 1 "Jan 2002 " "Storage Resource Broker" "User SRB Commands"
.SH NAME
Stoken \- display information about SRB native types
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B Stoken
.RB [ \-z
.IR zone ]
.RB [ \-L
.IR number ]
.RB [ \-Y
.IR number "] " typeName
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "Stoken "
displays information about metadata type
.IR typeName .
.sp
.I typeName
can be one of:
.BR DataType " (default), " ResourceType ", " UserType ", "  
.BR Domain ", " Location ", " Action ", " 
.BR AccessConstraint ", " Zone ", " ResourceClass
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-h "
display command options
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-z "
.I zone
option applies to the second synopsis and is used to perform the Sls operation on a particular zone.
If ALL is used for
.I zone
then every zone known to the current zone will be queried.
.I zone
can have wild cards.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-Y "
.BI [ number "] "
controls display format.
.br
Without -Y, information is displayed one item-per-line with each
attribute spaced at DEFAULT_FIELD_WIDTH characters.
.br
With -Y 0 will display in vertical, one attribute-per-line format.
.br
With Y n, n > 0, information is displayed one item-per-line with each
attribute spaced at
.I number
characters.
.br
With Y -1, information is displayed without headers, with each item
quoted and separated by a blank and with no row control.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-L "
.BI [ number "] "
controls number of items displayed at a time under user's
control. 
.br
Without  -L, DEFAULT_ROW_COUNT items of information is displayed
at a time.
.br
With L n, n > 0, n items are displayed at a time.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR SgetU (1),
.BR SgetD (1),
.BR SgetR (1)

