.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii SgetT.1
.\"
.TH SgetT 1 "Jan 2002 " "Storage Resource Broker" "User SRB Commands"
.SH NAME
SgetT \- display information about SRB tickets
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B SgetT
.RB [ \-h "] [" \-u "] [" \-v "] [" \-L
.IR n ]
.RB [ \-Y
.IR n ]
.RB [ \-F
.I fileName
.RB | \-T
.I ticket
.RB | \-D
.I dataName
.RB | \-C
.I collection
.RB | \-U
.RB [ \-c ]
.IR "userName domainName" ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "SgetT "
displays information about SRB tickets for a given
.IR ticket ", " dataName " or " collection 
for tickets given by the issuer.
.sp
With -u option, SgetT displays information for tickets issued to
the user. In this case, the user and domain names denote a user
who issued tickets to current user.
.sp
With -c option inside -U option, the information is for tickets
given for collections; otherwise, it is for tickets issued for
particular datasets.
.sp
A ticket can be either typed directly (-T option), or given by
pointing to a file containing it (-F option)
.sp
If
.IR ticket ", " collection ", and " dataName
are not given, SgetT displays information about all tickets
owned or given to the user, based on the -u option.
.sp
.IR collection " and " dataName
can have wildcard characters * and ?.
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-h "
display command options
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-v "
verbose mode
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-u "
displays information from a ticket-users perspective.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-F "
.I FileName 
specifies the file in which the ticket is stored
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-T "
.I ticket
specifies a particular ticket
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-D "
.I dataName
specifies a particluar SRB object
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-C "
.I collection 
specifies a particluar SRB collectio
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-U "
display information for user/group 
.I userName
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-Y "
.BI [ number "] "
controls display format.
.br
Without -Y, information is displayed one item-per-line with each
attribute spaced at DEFAULT_FIELD_WIDTH characters.
.br
With -Y 0 will display in vertical, one attribute-per-line format.
.br
With Y n, n > 0, information is displayed one item-per-line with each
attribute spaced at
.I number
characters.  
.br
With Y -1, information is displayed without headers, with each item
quoted and separated by a blank and with no row control.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-L "
.BI [ number "] "
controls number of items displayed at a time under user's
control. 
.br
Without  -L, DEFAULT_ROW_COUNT items of information is displayed
at a time.
.br
With L n, n > 0, n items are displayed at a time.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR SgetD (1),
.BR Sticket (1),
.BR Stls (1),
.BR Srmticket (1)

