.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii Spcommand.1
.\"
.TH Spcommand 1 "Jun 2004 " "Storage Resource Broker" "User SRB Commands"
.SH NAME
Spcommand \- Proxy command operation. Request a remote SRB server
to execute arbitrary commands on behalf of client.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B Spcommand
.RB [ \-h "] [" \-H
.IR hostAddr " | "
.B \-d
.IR srbObj "] " command
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "Spcommand "
performs the remote execution of arbitrary commands (executables)
installed in a specific predefined directory on the remote host.
Currently, this predefined directory is hard-coded as "commands"
in the directory where the srbMaster and srbServer executables
are installed. For example, if the srbMaster is installed in the
/usr/local/srb/bin directory, the proxy commands should be
installed in the /usr/local/srb/bin/commands directory.
.sp
The input argument "command" specifies the proxy command to be
executed. Input arguments for the command is supported by appending
the argument list to the command just like any normal command.
The only difference is the command/argument string must be in
quotes. e.g.,
.sp
Spcommand "hello John"
.br
Spcommand "hello -xyz John"
.br
Proxy Op on SRB data example:
.br
Spcommand -d <srbObj.tiff> "convert .jpg"
.sp
Basically, the SRB server, upon receiving the request, forks and
execs the input command and pipes the stdout and stderr back to
the client.
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-h "
display command options
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-d "
.I srbObj
will discover which host the
.I srbObj
resides on, and will execute the proxy operation on that host. Also,
it will pass the
.I srbObj
as the first argument to that proxy operation. The -d and -H flags
can not be combined.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-H "
.I hostAddr
specifies the host address where the proxy command is to be
executed. If no address is specified, the default is the host
where the client is first connected to (e.g., the srbHost defined
in the .MdasEnv file). The -d and -H flags can not be combined.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR Scat (1)
