.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii Slscont.1
.\"
.TH Slscont 1 "Jan 2003 " "Storage Resource Broker" "User SRB Commands"
.SH NAME
Slscont \- list your SRB containers
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B Slscont
.RB [ \-aAFl ] 
.RB [ \-z 
.IR mcatZone ] [ " " Containers \ .... 
.RB ]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Slscont
displays all containers owned by this user. The -A option
allows the display of all containers accessible by this user.
.sp
The input parameter 
.I Containers
is optional. If it is not given, all containers and their associated
metadata (if the -l option is used) owned/accessible
by the user will be listed. Otherwise, only the input  
.I Containers
will be listed. The
.I Containers
may be an absolute path or a relative path in the SRB name space and
more than one 
.I Container 
may be given.
.sp
If the -F option is used, all inContainer objects contained
in the given 
.I Container
will be listed. With this option, at least one Container input 
must be given.
.sp
When a container is full, the SRB server automatically renames the
full container "myContainer" to "myContainer.NNNN" where NNNN is a
random integer number. The server then creates an empty container
with the original container name "myContainer". In effect, this
scheme creates a family of containers. The -a option can be used to
list all containers in a family. The -a option can be used with the -F
option to list all inContainer files contained
in the family of containers for the given container.
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-h "
display command options
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-l "
display metadata of container in long form.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-A "
display containers accessible by the user rather than owned by
the user.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-F "
display all inContainer files contained in the given container.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-a "
display the family of containers for the given container.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-z mcatZone "
The MCAT zone to query for the container info 
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR Srmcont (1),
.BR Smkcont (1)

