.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii SmodD.1
.\"
.TH SmodD 1 "Jan 2002 " "Storage Resource Broker" "User SRB Commands"
.SH NAME
SmodD \- modifies metadata information about SRB data objects.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BI SmodD
.RB [ \-s|\-t|\-c|\-g|\-H|\-k|\-x|\-X|\-y|\-Y|\-z ]
.I "newValue  dataName"
.sp
.BI SmodD
.RB [ \-L|\-P ]
.I "newValue additionalValue dataName"
.sp
.BI SmodD
.RB -l
.I "targetDataName targetCollectionName dataName"
.sp
.BI SmodD
.RB -T
.I "dataName"
.sp
.BI SmodD
.RB -V
.I "replicaNumber oldVersionString newVersionString dataName"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "SmodD "
modifies information about data objects
.IR dataName .
.sp
Note that the command can change the information for more than
one object if
.I dataName
can resolve to more than one object name.
.sp
The Stoken utility can be used to find the current data types
supported.
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-h "
display command options
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-s "
change size
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-t "
change type
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-l "
makes a soft link for this data in another collection
.I "targetCollectionName"
with a given 
.I "targetDataName"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-c "
insert comments
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-g "
insert GUID - global unique identifier
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-T "
moves the data to trash
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-V "
changes the version from 
.I "oldVersionString" 
to
.I  "newVersionString"
for the copy of the data given by the
.I replicaNumber
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-k "
insert/change checksum
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-Y "
insert/change encrypted field via SRB Secure Communication
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-z "
insert/change compressed field
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-H "
hide or unhide a srbObject  and disallows user from 
reading/writing the srbObject Set newValue=1 for hiding 
and newValue=0 for unhiding. When metadata access control is on, 
the srbObject will not be seen by Sls.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-P "
pin or unpin a srbObject  and disallows removal of file by 
a SRB daemon (current implementation does not use the pin
from stopping one to remove/move a file)
Set newValue=1 for pinning
and newValue=0 for unpinning. 
This operation needs additionalValue and 
should be of the form YYYY-MM-DD-HH.MM.SS;
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-L "
lock upto a timestamp; 
newValue can be 'read', 'all' or 'null'.
If all-locked no one can read or write.
If read-locked no one can write but they can read.
If null-locked all locks are removed.
This operation needs additionalValue and 
should be of the form YYYY-MM-DD-HH.MM.SS;

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR SgetD (1),
.BR Sput (1),
.BR Stoken (1),
.BR Sattrs (1)

