.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii Squery.1
.\"
.TH Squery 1 "Jan 2002 " "Storage Resource Broker" "User SRB Commands"
.SH NAME
Squery \- is a pure metadata query command 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.TP 0.6i
.BI  "Squery [-z" " zone " " ] [-N " "NameSpace ... " " ]  " 
.BI -S  " SelectedMcatAttrName  "
.BI " [-S " " SelectedMcatAttrName " 
.BI " ] ..." " QueryMcatAttrName Op QueryMcatAttrValue" " [ " "QueryMcatAttrName Op QueryMcatAttrValue" " ] ..."
.br
.TP 0.6i
.BI  "Squery [-z" " zone " "] H|-E|-U [-L]  [-N "  " NameSpace ... " ] 
.BI " [-B "  AttrBeginsWithString  "] [-C " AttrContainsString" " ]"
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "Squery "
provides the facility for querying all queriable metadata in SRB including core metadata,
extensible metadata and user-defined attribute-value type metadata.
.sp
The first synopsis is used to query using the metadata attribute names.
.sp
The second synopsis is used to find the metadata attribute names that can be used in the first synopsis.
.sp
The first synopsis takes a set of 
.IR Namespace s 
(or schema names such as DC for dublin core ) that are stored 
in the extensible-schema table   (MDAS_TD_EXTAB_INFO in the SRB core schema).  The query is based on these 
schemas as well as  the SRB core schema. (See README.extensibleschema for details). The  query is based on the condition given by
.IR " QueryMcatAttrName Op QueryMcatAttrValue "  
triplets and the values for the 
.I " SelectedMcatAttrName  "
are returned. The 
.IR " QueryMcatAttrName" and " SelectedMcatAttrName  "
should be in the chosen
.IR Namespace s.
.sp 
The  second synopsis  takes a set of
.IR Namespace s
and reyrns the Attrbute Names in those schemas with the conditions satisfying
.IR "  AttrBeginsWithString  " and
.IR " AttrContainsString"
if given. The other options are used to restrict the schema spaces still further.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-z "
.I zone
option applies to the second synopsis and is used to perform the Sls operation on a particular zone.
If ALL is used for 
.I zone 
then every zone known to the current zone will be queried. 
.I zone
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-H"
option  displays both core attributes as well as extensible schema attributes.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-E"
option displays only those attributes in the extensible schema.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-U"
option displays only those attributes that are registered in the extensible schema but are in the 
user-defined attribute-value metadata.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR Sufmeta (1)
.BR SmodE (1)
