.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii Scat.1
.\"
.TH Scat 1 "Jan 2002 " "Storage Resource Broker" "User SRB Commands"
.SH NAME
Scat \- concatenate and display files read from SRB space
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B Scat
.RB [ \-C
.IR n ]
.RB [ \-T
.IR ticket ]
.RB [ \-A
.IR condition "] " srbObj " ..."
.sp
.B Scat
.RB [ \-aChl ]
.RB [ \-c
.IR condition "]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "Scat "
reads each
.I srbObj
from SRB space and writes it on the standard output. With -C
option, one can read a particular copy of
.IR srbObj ,
if it exists. With -A option, only
.I srbObj
which conforms to the
.I condition
are chosen.
.sp
The second synopsis applies the 
.IR condition
and writes the resulting objects to standard out.
.sp
If using a ticket, one need not give a
.I srbObj
name if the ticket is issued for a particular dataset.
.sp
If any
.I srbObj
is replicated then only one of the copies is displayed.
.sp
The user should have at least 'read' permission for each
.I SrbObj
or a ticket (for user or 'ticketuser' id) to access the
.IR SrbObj .
.sp
The
.I srbObj
argument can be a path name in the SRB collection hierarchy.
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-h "
displays command options
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-C "
.I n
is an integer denoting which COPY of the object to be accessed.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-T "
to give a filename containing a ticket
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-t "
option for giving a ticket directly
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-A "
.I condition
option is an '&' separated condition which will be applied
in choosing the object to be accessed. The separated condition
is of the form "<Attr> <CompOp> <Value>", where <Attr> is an
MCAT attribute found by
.B Sattrs   
command, <CompOp> is a comparison operator and <Value> is a
numeric or string value. The entire condition should be within
a set of double quotes. Example: Scat -A "COPY = 0"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-c "
.I condition
option applies to the whole SRB system instead of relative to the 
current working collection.  Example: Scat -c "GUID='123'" will write the 
objects  that haa their Guid set to 123. See 
.I Sattrs 
for details of applicable conditions.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR Sticket (1),
.BR Sattrs (1)

