.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii SgetU.1
.\"
.TH SgetU 1 "Jan 2002 " "Storage Resource Broker" "User SRB Commands"
.SH NAME
SgetU \- display information about SRB user(s).
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B SgetU
.RB [ \-pPhdatgcDZ "] [" \-L
.IR number ]
.RB [ \-Y
.IR number ]
.RB [\-T
.IR userType ]
.RB [ userName@domainName ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "SgetU "
displays information about a group or user 
.IR userName @ domainName .
.sp
If 
.IR userName @ domainName 
is not given, SgetU displays information about current user. If 
.I domainName
is not given then SgetU displays information for 
.I userName
in all domains. If 
.I userName
is not given then it displays information about users in 
.IR domainName . " userName " and " domainName "
can have wildcards * and ?.
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-h "
display command options
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-p "
display user/group name
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-P "
display verbose user/group parameters (default)
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-a "
display dataset accessible by user/group along with access
permissions
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-d "
display domain(s) of user/group
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-t "
display audit information for the user/group
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-g "
display group(s) of user/group
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-c "
display collection access for the user/group
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-D "
display distinguished name and authorization scheme  for the user/group
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-Z "
display home zone name for the user/group
.TP 0.5i

.B "\-T "
display information for user type
.I userType
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-Y "
.BI [ number "] "
controls display format.
.br
Without -Y, information is displayed one item-per-line with each
attribute spaced at DEFAULT_FIELD_WIDTH characters.
.br
With -Y 0 will display in vertical, one attribute-per-line format.
.br
With Y n, n > 0, information is displayed one item-per-line with each
attribute spaced at
.I number
characters.  
.br
With Y -1, information is displayed without headers, with each item
quoted and separated by a blank and with no row control.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-L "
.BI [ number "] "
controls number of items displayed at a time under user's
control. 
.br
Without  -L, DEFAULT_ROW_COUNT items of information is displayed
at a time.
.br
With L n, n > 0, n items are displayed at a time.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR SgetR (1),
.BR SgetD (1)

