.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii Scp.1
.\"
.TH Scp 1 "Jan 2003 " "Storage Resource Broker" "User SRB Commands"
.SH NAME
Scp \- copies a
.IR srbObj " or " srbCollection
in SRB space
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B Scp
.RB [ \-n
.IR n ]
.RB [ \-fprasv ]
.RB [ \-c
.IR container ]
.RB [ \-S
.IR newResourceName ]
.RB [ \-P
.IR newPathName ]
.I srcObj destObj
.br
.B Scp
.RB [ \-n
.IR n ]
.RB [ \-fprasv ]
.RB [ \-c
.IR container ]
.RB [ \-S
.IR newResourceName ]
.RB [ \-P
.IR newPathName ] srcObj " ... " target_collection
.br
.B Scp
.RB [ \-n
.IR n ]
.BR \-r [ \-fprasv ]
.RB [ \-c
.IR container ]
.RB [ \-S
.IR newResourceName ]
.RB [ \-P
.IR newPathName "] " source_collection " ... " target_collection
.SH DESCRIPTION
In the first synopsis form,
.B Scp
copies a SRB
.IR srcObj " to " destObj ". If " newResourceName " and/or " newPathName
are given the copy is made at that location. Otherwise, default
resource name is used. If no
.I newPathName
is given the pathname is made using the default path name
for the resource (as stored in MCAT). The copied object is
registered as a new SRB object in MCAT.
.sp
In the second synopsis form, 
.B Scp
copies each SRB
.IR srcObj " to the " target_collection .
Except for "." and "..", it will return an error if the
.I target_collection
does not exist.
.sp
In the third synopsis form, 
.B Scp
copies one or more
.IR source_collection " recursively to the " target_collection .
.sp
By default, Scp uses the parallel I/O API to do the copying. The -s option can be used to switch the I/O mode to serial.
.sp 
Use
.B Sreplicate
if you want to make copies of the object in the same
collection under the same name.
.sp
The user should have 'read' access permission for each
.IR SrbObj .
.sp
The
.I srcObj
argument can be a path name in the SRB collection hierarchy.
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-h "
display command line options.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-p "
prompts before copying each object.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-f "
force copying even if object exists.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-a "
If the target object does not exist and the target resource is a logical resource consisting of more than one resources, then make a copy in each resources. If the target object exists, force copying all replica of the target object.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-r "
copy collections recursively.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-v "
verbose mode. print out file size and transfer rate.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-n "
.I "n "
is an integer denoting the replica number of the object to
be copied.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-c "
.I "container "
is the container where the target object will be stored.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-S "
.I "newResourceName "
is the target ResourceName.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-P "
.I "newPathName "
is the target PathName.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-s "
switch I/O mode to serial
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR Sreplicate (1),
.BR Smv (1),
.BR Sphymove (1),
.BR Smkcont (1)

