.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii SgetD.1
.\"
.TH SgetD 1 "Jan 2002 " "Storage Resource Broker" "User SRB Commands"
.SH NAME
SgetD \- display information about SRB data objects.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B SgetD
.RB [ \-phPrReagsdDcCt "] [" \-I "] [" \-W | \-U
.IR userName ]
.RB [ \-Y
.IR number ]
.RB [ \-L
.IR number ]
.RB [ \-P
.IR dataType ]
.RB [ \-A
.IR condition "] [" dataName ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "SgetD "
displays information about data objects
.IR dataName .
.sp
If
.I dataName
is not given, SgetD displays information about all data
objects that can be associated with the user, unless -U or -W
option is exercised.
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-h "
display command options
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-p "
display dataset basic parameters such as collection, type,
creation time and size (default)
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-e "
display dataset basic parameters with replication number, data checksum and data
identifier
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-t "
drill down and display the content of a compound object
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-f "
display dataset parameters for pin, expiry,compression and encryption
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-g "
display dataset parameters for guid (global unique identifier)
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-r "
display storage information
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-R "
display verbose storage information
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-a "
display access permissions
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-s "
display verbose access permissions
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-d "
display audit information
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-D "
display verbose audit information
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-c "
display collection information
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-C "
display comments
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-W "
display information for all users
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-U "
display information for user/group
.I userName
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-P "
display information type only for
.I dataType
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-I "
display information about
.I dataName
in all collections.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-Y "
.BI [ number "] "
controls display format.
.br
Without -Y, information is displayed one item-per-line with each
attribute spaced at DEFAULT_FIELD_WIDTH characters.
.br
With -Y 0 will display in vertical, one attribute-per-line format.
.br
With Y n, n > 0, information is displayed one item-per-line with each
attribute spaced at
.I number
characters.  
.br
With Y -1, information is displayed without headers, with each item
quoted and separated by a blank and with no row control.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-L "
.BI [ number "] "
controls number of items displayed at a time under user's
control. 
.br
Without  -L, DEFAULT_ROW_COUNT items of information is displayed
at a time.
.br
With L n, n > 0, n items are displayed at a time.
.TP 0.5i 
.B "\-A "
.I condition
option is an '&' separated condition which will be applied
in choosing the object to be listed. The separated condition
is of the form "<Attr> <CompOp> <Value>", where <Attr> is an
MCAT attribute found by 
.B Sattrs
command, <CompOp> is a comparison operator and <Value> is a
numeric or string value. The entire condition should be within
a set of double quotes. Example: SgetD -A "COPY = 0"
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR SgetU (1),
.BR SgetR (1),
.BR Sattrs (1)

