.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii Stls.1
.\"
.TH Stls 1 "Jan 2002 " "Storage Resource Broker" "User SRB Commands"
.SH NAME
Stls \- display objects and sub-collections in SRB collection
for a given ticket
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B Stls
.RB [ \-v "] [" \-L
.IR number ]
.RB [ \-Y
.IR number ]
.RB "[" \-H
.IR hostName "]"
.RB [ \-A
.IR condition "] " 
.RB "{ [" \-F
.IR fileName "] | " ticket " }"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "Stls "
displays objects accessible by a given
.IR ticket .
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-h "
display command options
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-v "
verbose mode
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-F "
.I fileName
specifies the file in which the ticket is stored.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-H "
.I hostName
is the host name where a server SRB is running. If not given
it exopects the environment files or variables to provide the information.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-Y "
.BI [ number "] "
controls display format.
.br
Without -Y, information is displayed one item-per-line with each
attribute spaced at DEFAULT_FIELD_WIDTH characters.
.br
With -Y 0 will display in vertical, one attribute-per-line format.
.br
With Y n, n > 0, information is displayed one item-per-line with each
attribute spaced at
.I number
characters.
.br
With Y -1, information is displayed without headers, with each item
quoted and separated by a blank and with no row control.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-L "
.BI [ number "] "
controls number of items displayed at a time under user's
control. 
.br
Without  -L, DEFAULT_ROW_COUNT items of information is displayed
at a time.
.br
With L n, n > 0, n items are displayed at a time.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-A "
.I condition 
option is an '&' separated condition which will be applied
in choosing the object to be listed. The separated condition
is of the form "<Attr> <CompOp> <Value>", where <Attr> is an
MCAT attribute found by
.B Sattrs
command, <CompOp> is a comparison operator and <Value> is a
numeric or string value. The entire condition should be within
a set of double quotes. Example:
Stls -F foo.ticket -A "COPY = 0" srb.sdsc.edu
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR Sls (1),
.BR Sticket (1),
.BR SgetD (1),
.BR Sattrs (1)


