.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii dumptape.1
.\"
.TH dumptape 1 "Jan 2003 " "Storage Resource Broker" "Tape Admin Commands"
.SH NAME
dumptape \- Dump and purge files in the cache system to tape.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dumptape
.RB [ \-p ]
.RB [ \-f
.IR filelistFile ]
.RB [ \-n
.IR numFiles ]
.IR "filePath1 filePath2" " ..."
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "Dumptape "
is a sys admin utility that dumps and purges files in the cache system
of a compound resource to tape. The input
.IR "filePath1 filePath2" " ... "
specify the physical paths of the files to be dumped to tape. It should
be mentioned the input filePath is not the collection/objectName path
provided by the SRB name space. It is the actual UNIX path name of the
file in the cache system.
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-h "
display command options
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-p "
Purge the filePath in the cache system after dumping its content to tape.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-f "
.I filelistFile
is the name of the file that cantains the list of files to be dumped and
purged. Instead of specifying file1, file2 ..., the list of files can be
specified in a file named
.IR filelistFile .
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-n "
.I numFiles
is an integer that specifies the number of files to be processed in one
single SRB. The default value is 20. Dumping multiple files in a single
call can improve the performance of dumping dramatically because the
dumping can be done with a single tape mount.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR inittape (1),
.BR lstape (1),
.BR tapemeta (1)

