.\" For ascii version, process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii inittape.1
.\"
.TH inittape 1 "Jan 2003 " "Storage Resource Broker" "Tape Admin Commands"
.SH NAME
inittape \- Label a tape and register the tape with MCAT.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B inittape
.RB [ \-RLh ]
.RB [ \-d
.IR devicePath ]
.RB [ \-l
.IR tapeLibInx ]
.RB [ \-t
.IR tapeType ]
.RB [ \-u
.IR tapeOwner ]
.I tapeNumber
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "Inittape "
is a sys admin utility that label a tape and register the tape with the MCAT.
TapeNumber specifies the tape to be labelled. 
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-h "
display command options
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-R "
tape registration only
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-L "
tape labelling only
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-l "
.I tapeLibInx
is an integer index in the data/tapeLibConfig file that specifies the tape
library where this tape to be labelled resides. Our SRB tape system can
control multiple tape library systems. The default value is 0.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-u "
.I tapeOwner
is a character string the specifies the own of this tape.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-d "
.I devicePath
specifies the device path of the tape drive doing the labelling.
This is only needed if the tape library is not being used for
tape mount.
.TP 0.5i
.B "\-t "
.I tapeType
specifies the tape type of the tape being labelled. This is only
needed if the tape library is not being used for tape mount.
Otherwise, it will be determined by the tape library software.
Valid values of tape types are T_3480 and T_3590.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR dumptape (1),
.BR lstape (1),
.BR tapemeta (1)

